in his speech to an emergency session of
the UN General Assembly Riyad mansur the
Palestinian Ambassador called on the
World to uphold international law and
hold Israel accountable the only path
forward is justice justice for the
Palestinian
people don't distort the law don't bend
it don't break it don't betray it to
accommodate Israel
uphold it and uphold it high this is
what we are here for as a United Nations
to save future Generations from the
scorge of War but Israel's Ambassador
gilad Adan said the world's attention
should be solely on the October 7th
attack by Hamas and Israel's
self-described efforts to destroy what
he called the monsters who perpetrated
it this is not a war with the
Palestinians Israel is at war with the
genocidal jihadist Hamas Terror
organization
only it is the law abiding democracy of
Israel against modern day
Nazis Jordan's foreign minister
countered Israel's claim that it is
abiding by international law how many
wars how much death has our region
suffered and what good
did that do all of us it did not bring
security to Israel it will not it did
not bring security to any of us my
friends the right to self-defense is not
a license to kill with impunity
Collective punishment is not
self-defense it is a war crime there are
still speakers from more than a 100
countries on the list to address the
general assembly a vote on the
resolution
could come as early as Friday afternoon
or evening Gabriel oando Al jaaz at the
United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer